For the back-end of this app, I used Express.js to build a Rest API that allows for viewing, adding, updating and deleting employees. I used routers to organize the routes so they all begin with a prefix of "/employees". This probably isn't necessary for a small app like this, but it's a good practice for managing larger applications that have many more API endpoints, so you can organize them by category and not have one giant file with a ton of endpoints. I built the data model with MySQL through a library called Sequelize, just because it cleans up the code a little bit and prevents large SQL statements from cluttering it up. To load the initial data from the employees.json file, I made a script called loadInitialData.js which reads the contents of that file and adds them to the Employees table, and the various endpoints I created account for all the other necessary CRUD operations. 

On the front-end, I made a simple React application that uses the useContext hook for managing state, so I can pass it to whichever other components need access to it. Again, probably not really necessary for an app like this but a good practice in general. I used bootstrap modals to make forms that pop up when a button is clicked, the useRef hook to retrieve what the user inputs to those forms, and axios to call the API and pass in that information through the body of the request. The application's state is also updated with the functions that call the API. I also added some simple styling like a linear-gradient on the background and slightly transparent cards to display employee information. 

When the app was finished I deployed the API through Heroku and deployed the React app through Netlify. It is available here: https://plexxisemployees.netlify.app/
